depending upon the part of the route.The following highways are numbered 31B:The Bristol Brigand was 
a British anti-shipping/ground attack/dive bomber aircraft, developed by the Bristol Aeroplane Company as a replacement 
for the Beaufighter. A total of 147 were built and were used by the Royal 
Air Force in Malaya during the Malayan Emergency and Kenya until replaced by the de 
Havilland Hornet in Malaya and the English Electric Canberra jet bomber elsewhere.Kurthia huakuii is a 
Gram-positive, facultatively anaerobic, spore-forming, short rod-shaped and motile bacterium from the genus of Kurthia which 
has been isolated from biogas slurry from the Hebei Province in China.Dubi is a village 
in now newly formed Bajali district, Assam State, India. It is situated on the north 
bank of the Brahmaputra River. It is about three miles from the Pathshala railway station 
on the N. F. Railway.Restoration Ruin is an album by Keith Jarrett on which he 
performs multiple instruments (including piano, organ, guitar, soprano saxophone, harmonica, recorder, bass guitar, drums, tambourine 
and sistrum), and sings his own lyrics. Recorded and released on the Atlantic Records subsidiary 
Vortex in 1968, the album remains unique in Jarrett’s catalogue, displaying a sound largely influenced 
by folk and progressive rock. It can be seen as the first part of an 
experimental period which explored neither traditional jazz nor classical music. Here Jarrett overdubs himself on 
various instruments, similar to the tribal Spirits (1985) or especially the free funk No End 
(2013, recorded in 1986). "Sioux City Sue New" was released as a 45 rpm single, 
backed with "You're Fortunate." In 1999, Collectables Records reissued the album paired with the Art 
Ensemble of Chicago's Bap-Tizum.The J. Willard Marriott Library is the main academic library of the 
University of Utah in Salt Lake City, Utah. The university library has had multiple homes 
since the first University of Utah librarian was appointed in 1850. The current building was 
opened in 1968 and named for J. Willard Marriott, founder of Marriott International, in 1969. 
After two major renovations, the building is more than 500,000 square feet (46,000 m2) and 
houses more than 4.5 million volumes. The University of Utah Press and Red Butte Press 
are divisions of the Marriott Library.James George Carroll (1855 – 13 July 1927) was an 
Australian politician. Born in Tipperary, Ireland, to James and Katherine Carroll, he arrived in Australia 
in 1867 having received a primary education. He worked as a saddler in Hillston from 
1876 until 1883, when he became the licensee of Tattersall's Hotel. He married Lizzie Sweetman, 
with whom he had two children. In 1894 he was elected to the New South 
Wales Legislative Assembly as the member for Lachlan as an Independent Protectionist; he was later 
associated with the Protectionist and Progressive parties. He moved to Sydney to become a land 
agent but was bankrupted in 1896 and discharged in 1897. Carroll left the Assembly in 
1904 and died in 1927 in North Sydney.Campbell County is a county located in the 
northern part of the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population 
was 93,076. Its county seats are Alexandria and Newport. The county was formed on December 
17, 1794, from sections of Scott, Harrison, and Mason Counties and was named for Colonel 
John Campbell (1735–1799), a Revolutionary War soldier and Kentucky legislator. Campbell County, with Boone and 
Kenton Counties, is part of the Northern Kentucky metro community, and the Cincinnati-Middletown, OH-KY-IN Metropolitan 
Statistical Area.Donald Marquand Dozer (June 7, 1905 - August 4, 1980) was an American scholar 
of Latin American history. Dozer was born in Zanesville, Ohio, receiving his A.B. in History 
from the College of Wooster in 1927, and then earned an A.M. (1930) and a 
Ph.D. (1936) in History at Harvard University. His doctoral dissertation was entitled on “Anti-imperialism in 
the United States 1865-1895. Opposition to the annexation of overseas territories.” He taught at the 
University of Maryland from 1937 to 1942, and then, from 1942-1943 served with the Office 
of the Coordinator of Information (which later evolved into the Office of Strategic Services and 
the Office of War Information) in Washington, DC. From 1943-1944, Dozer served as a liaison 
in the Caribbean region for the Office of Lend Lease Administration. He then moved to 
the State Department, where he did research and analysis (especially on Argentina) until 1956. He 
then accepted a call to the History Department of the University of California, Santa Barbara, 
where he joined Philip Wayne Powell and Wilbur R. Jacobs in building a nucleus of 
scholars who would become the core for a growing department in the 1960s. Dozer published 
nearly 100 articles and reviews as well as several well-received books. He retired and was 
granted emeritus status in 1972, and died in 1980 at Saint Francis Hospital in Santa 
Barbara.Anthopleura artemisia is a species of sea anemone. It is known by a number of 
common names, including burrowing anemone and moonglow anemone. It was first described to science in 
1846 in a volume by James Dwight Dana, reporting on the animals found on the 
United States Exploring Expedition. Dana attributes the description to Charles Pickering, who was a naturalist 
on the expedition.Chapelle-d'Huin (French pronunciation: ​[ʃapɛl dɥɛ̃]) is a commune in the Doubs department in 
the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.Xylota nitidula is a species of hoverfly in the family 
Syrphidae.The 1984 Colgate Red Raiders football team was an American football team that represented Colgate 
University as an independent during the 1984 NCAA Division I-AA football season. In its ninth 
season under head coach Frederick Dunlap, the team compiled a 5–5 record. John McCabe and 
Bob Clark were the team captains.The Red Raiders won their first three games against Division 
I-AA opponents and became a constant presence in the weekly national rankings, reaching as high 
as No. 10 in the poll released October 2 (a Colgate bye week). A streak 
of three losses at the end of the year, however, dropped them out of the 
rankings and resulted in a .500 season record. The team played its home games at 
Andy Kerr Stadium in Hamilton, New York.Gov. Thomas B. Jeter House, also known as Sarratt 
House, is a historic home located at Union, Union County, South Carolina. It was built 
in 1859, and is a two-story, clapboard dwelling with Victorian detailing. It features a one-story 
front verandah and scalloped trim. It was the home of Thomas Bothwell Jeter, who served 
as the 79th Governor of South Carolina from September 1, 1880, to November 30, 1880.It 
was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.Fidel Ortiz Tovar, also known 
as Fidelón (10 October 1908 – 9 September 1975) was a Mexican boxer who represented 
his country in the 1928 and 1936 Summer Olympics. In the later competition, he defeated 
Swedish pugilist Stig Cederberg to win the bronze medal in the Bantamweight class.A clothes steamer, 
also called a garment steamer or simply a steamer, is a device used for quickly 
removing wrinkles from garments and fabrics with the use of high temperature steam. They can 
for example be used to straighten wrinkles on shirts by releasing tension in the fabric 
so that it straightens itself. Steamers can also remove smells.Final Fantasy is a media franchise 
created by Hironobu Sakaguchi and owned by Square Enix that includes video games, motion pictures, 
and other merchandise. There have been a number of compilation albums of Final Fantasy music 
produced by Square Enix, as well as several albums produced by outside groups, both officially 
and unofficially licensed. These albums include music directly from the games, as well as arrangements 
covering a variety of styles, such as orchestral, piano, vocal, and techno. Square Enix produced 
the first album, Final Fantasy 1987–1994, in 1994. Since then, over 40 albums have been 
produced, both by Square Enix and, beginning with the 2000 The Best of Final Fantasy 
1994–1999: A Musical Tribute, outside groups.Brezovci (pronounced [ˈbɾeːzɔu̯tsi]) is a settlement in the Municipality of 
Dornava in northeastern Slovenia. It lies on the edge of the Slovene Hills (Slovene: Slovenske 
gorice), east of Dornava. The area is part of the traditional region of Styria. It 
is now included with the rest of the municipality in the Drava Statistical Region.Charles A. 
Spencer was an American scientific pioneer and inventor, who is widely believed to have developed 
the first American-made achromatic objective microscope. He was born in 1813 in Madison County, NY 
and died in 1881.The Faculty of Protestant Theology in Brussels (FUTP), in Brussels, Belgium, is 
a private university. Its official languages are French and Dutch. South Hammond is a neighborhood 
in southwestern Hammond, Indiana, approximately between the Illinois state line and Columbia Avenue, south of 
165th Street. It is bounded to the east by Woodmar, to the south by the 
towns of Munster and Highland, to the west by Calumet City, Illinois, and to the 
north by Central Hammond. The Little Calumet River snakes along the neighborhood's southern boundary. The 
neighborhood's boundaries correspond to Hammond's Planning District IV. With the exception of a commercial strip 
along Calumet Avenue, South Hammond is overwhelmingly residential. Many of these residences are historic: South 
Hammond is home to the Indi-Illi Park Historic District, Roselawn–Forest Heights Historic District and Forest–Ivanhoe 
Residential Historic District.Burnet County ( BUR-nit) is a county located on the Edwards Plateau in 
the U.S. state of Texas. As of the 2020 census, its population was 49,130. Its 
county seat is Burnet. The county was founded in 1852 and later organized in 1854. 
It is named for David Gouverneur Burnet, the first (provisional) president of the Republic of 
Texas. The name of the county is pronounced with the emphasis or accent on the 
first syllable, just as is the case with its namesake.Oliver P. Rood (1844 – June 
1, 1885) was an American soldier who fought with the Union Army in the American 
Civil War. Rood received his country's highest award for bravery during combat, the Medal of 
Honor, for actions taken on July 3, 1863, during the Battle of Gettysburg.Outside cylinder can 
mean: One of the dimensions of a gearwheel, see List of gear nomenclature#Outside cylinder A 
steam locomotive cylinder positioned outside the frame, see Cylinder (locomotive)#Inside or outside cylindersFolk racing or 
folkrace (Finnish: jokamiesluokka; Swedish: folkrace; Latvian: folkreiss; Danish: folkeræs; Norwegian: bilcross) is a popular, inexpensive, 
and entry-level form of Nordic rallycross that originally comes from Finland, where it is also 
called jokkis or Jokamiehenluokka (everyman's class).Yaar Gaddar is a 1994 Indian Hindi-language action thriller film 
directed by Umesh Mehra, starring Mithun Chakraborty, Saif Ali Khan, Somy Ali and Prem Chopra.The 
Arch of Drusus is an ancient arch in Rome, Italy, close to the First Mile 
of the Appian Way and next to the Porta San Sebastiano. Long misidentified, it is 
most likely the remains of the Arch of Trajan.Asha Patera is a patera, or a 
complex crater with scalloped edges, on Jupiter's moon Io. It is approximately 108 kilometers in 
diameter and located at 8.84°S 225.69°W﻿ / -8.84; -225.69﻿ (Asha Patera). It is named after 
asha, the Zoroastrian principle of Truth. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union 
in 1979. Reiden Patera and Kami-Nari Patera can both be found to the west.Irek Faritovich 
Gimayev (Russian: Ирек Фаритович Гимаев, Bashkir: Ирек Фәрит улы Ғимаев; born September 2, 1957 in 
Sukkulovo, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union) is a Russian retired ice hockey defenceman. Gimayev played in 
the Soviet Hockey League for Salavat Yulaev Ufa and HC CSKA Moscow. He was inducted 
into the Russian and Soviet Hockey Hall of Fame in 1982 and is also an 
Honoured Master of Sport of the USSR. He is an ethnic Tatar.Gabriel Bacquier (French pronunciation: 
​[gabʁjel bakje]; 17 May 1924 – 13 May 2020) was a French operatic baritone. One 
of the leading baritones of the 20th century and particularly associated with the French and 
Italian repertoires, he was considered a fine singing actor equally at home in dramatic or 
comic roles and gave regular song recitals. He was a long-term member of the Opéra-Comique 
and the Paris Opera, but forged a long career internationally at leading opera houses in 
Europe and the U.S. His large discography spans five decades, and he was considered as 
“the ambassador of French song”.Pi Delta Phi (ΠΔΦ) is the National French Honor Society—La Société 
d'Honneur de Français—for undergraduate and graduate students at accredited public and private colleges and universities 
in the United States. Founded as a departmental honor society for French at the University 
of California, Berkeley in 1906, Pi Delta Phi is the oldest collegiate academic honor society 
for a modern foreign language in the United States. After many years as a local 
chapter, Pi Delta Phi reorganized and declared itself the National French Honor Society in 1920, 
and later chartered the Beta chapter at the University of Southern California in 1925, and 
the Gamma chapter at the University of California, Los Angeles, in 1926. The society expanded 
slowly during the next fifteen years but enjoyed renewed interest after World War II. In 
1949 the American Association of Teachers of French (AATF) endorsed the Society officially as the 
only collegiate French honor society in the United States. The society was admitted to membership 
in the Association of College Honor Societies in 1967. It currently numbers more than 406 
chapters established at representative public and private colleges and universities in almost every state, as 
well as chapters in Paris and Aix-en-Provence. Pi Delta Phi and ΠΔΦ are trademarks registered 
with the United States Patent and Trademark Office. Josiah Hooper (April 14, 1807 – April 
24, 1878) was an English-born merchant, shipbuilder and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He 
represented Richmond County from 1867 to 1871 in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly. He 
was born in Bristol. Hooper married Elizabeth Hart. He was a justice of the peace. 
He lived in Arichat, Nova Scotia. Hooper died in Halifax at the age of 71.RKS 
Radomsko is an association football club based in the city of Radomsko, in the south 
of Poland. Their home stadium is Stadion RKS. Currently, they compete in the IV liga 
group Łódź.Cliff Bergere (December 6, 1896 Toledo, Ohio – June 18, 1980 Dade City, Florida) 
was an American stuntman and racecar driver. Bergere did stunt driving for movies, including the 
1923 film The Eagle's Talons, before embarking on a racing career. From 1927 to 1947, 
he started the Indianapolis 500 sixteen times, missing only the 1930 race. He started the 
race from the front row three times and won the pole in 1946. At age 
49, he was the oldest pole winner ever. He finished third in 1932 and 1939 
and completed the 1941 race without making a pit stop, finishing fifth. Bergere had the 
distinction of the most starts in Indy 500 history at the time of his career 
(16), a record he held until 1974.Satyanarayana may refer to the Hindu god Vishnu. For 
the special worship offered to him see Satyanarayana Puja. Satyanarayana is a popular given name 
among Telugu people. For other people with same names, see following: Aacharya Satyanarayana (born 1947), 
founder of Meera Charitable Trust in Jaipur, India Aarani Satyanarayana (1898–1969), Telugu film and stage 
actor Akula Satyanarayana, Indian politician from Andhra Pradesh, India Allu Venkata Satyanarayana (born 1940), Indian 
politician Amarapu Satyanarayana (1937–2011), Indian actor and singer Bendapudi Venkata Satyanarayana (1927–2005), dermatologist from Andhra 
Pradesh, India Botsa Satyanarayana (born 1958), Indian politician from Andhra Pradesh, India Chitturi Satyanarayana (1913–2012), 
Indian surgeon Dronamraju Satyanarayana (1933–2006), Indian politician Dusharla Satyanarayana, an Indian water rights activist and 
founder of Jala Sadhana Samithi (JSS) E. V. V. Satyanarayana (1956–2011), Telugu film director Garapaty 
Satyanarayana (1911–2002), Indian politician Garimella Satyanarayana (1893–1952), Telugu poet and Indian independence activist J. Satyanarayana 
(born 1954), retired 1977 batch IAS officer of Andhra Pradesh cadre K. V. Satyanarayana, Indian 
dancer Kaikala Satyanarayana (born 1935), Telugu actor Koccharlakota Satyanarayana (1915–1969), Telugu film and stage actor 
Koratala Satyanarayana (1923–2006), Indian politician Moturi Satyanarayana (1902–1995), Hindi activist and Indian Freedom fighter Nookala 
Chinna Satyanarayana (1923–2013), Indian singer Peela Govinda Satyanarayana, an Indian politician from the Telugu Desam 
Party Reddi Satyanarayana, Indian politician Sarve Satyanarayana (born 1954), Indian politician Satyanarayana Dasa (born 1954), 
Indian Gaudiya Vaisnava scholar Satyanarayana Nadella Satyanarayana Rajguru (1903–1997), Indian epigraphist and historian Somarapu Satyanarayana 
(born 1948), Indian politician Tangi Satyanarayana (1931–2009), Indian politician Urmila Satyanarayana, Indian dancer Vempatapu Satyanarayana 
(died 1970), teacher and leader of a peasant uprising in India Venigalla Satyanarayana (died 1918), 
Indian politician Viswanatha Satyanarayana (1895–1976), Telugu poetIn enzymology, a 3-hydroxypropionate dehydrogenase (EC 1.1.1.59) is an 
enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction 3-hydroxypropanoate + NAD+ ⇌ {\displaystyle \rightleftharpoons } 3-oxopropanoate + 
NADH + H+Thus, the two substrates of this enzyme are 3-hydroxypropanoate and NAD+, whereas its 
3 products are 3-oxopropanoate, NADH, and H+. This enzyme belongs to the family of oxidoreductases, 
specifically those acting on the CH-OH group of donor with NAD+ or NADP+ as acceptor. 
The systematic name of this enzyme class is 3-hydroxypropanoate:NAD+ oxidoreductase. This enzyme participates in beta-alanine 
metabolism and propanoate metabolism.Cell Park (previously known as Markyate Cell) is a country house in 
Markyate, Hertfordshire near Luton, England. The house dates from the 16th century, has been modified 
at various times since then and was largely rebuilt in 1908 after a fire. It 
stands in 79 acres of land and is a Grade II* listed building. The hall 
is a rectangular brick-built structure with corner turrets, linked by an arcade to service buildings 
forming a quadrangle. The house was originally built c. 1539 for Humphrey Bouchier on land 
previously belonging to the suppressed Markyate Priory. The house was subsequently extended and remodelled in 
the 17th century for the Ferrers and the Coppin families. It was remodelled again in 
1825 to create the present layout by Robert Lugar for Daniel Goodson Adey. Sir John 
de Fontblaque Pennefather made further changes in the early 20th century, moving the entrance and 
creating a ballroom from the arcade. It was on sale in 2014 for £4.5m, and 
as of 2023 is on sale again for £5.7m. The hall is known for being 
the home of Lady Katherine Ferrers, reputedly the "Wicked Lady", a 17th-century highwaywoman who operated 
in Hertfordshire and was eventually shot. The hall had a secret staircase hidden behind the 
fireplace, and Lady Katherine would allegedly dress in men’s clothes and exit via the staircase 
to escape into the night.Urozhaynoye (Russian: Урожайное) is a rural locality (a selo) in Dalnevostochny 
Selsoviet of Romnensky District, Amur Oblast, Russia. The population was 4 as of 2018. There 
are 2 streets.Yunan County (postal: Watnam; simplified Chinese: 郁南县; traditional Chinese: 鬱南縣; pinyin: Yùnán Xiàn) 
is a county in the west of Guangdong Province, China, bordering Guangxi to the west. 
It is under the administration of the prefecture-level city of Yunfu. As of 2020, Yunan 
County has a population of 532,679.John Holmes Dingle (24 November 1908–15 September 1973) was an 
American physician and medical professor.Donald Edgar Tewes (August 4, 1916 – August 29, 2012) was 
an American businessman and a Republican member of the United States House of Representatives for 
Wisconsin. He represented Wisconsin's 2nd congressional district in the 85th United States Congress from January 
3, 1957 to January 3, 1959.The eleventh series of the children's television series Hi-5 aired 
between 31 August 2009 and 30 October 2009 on the Nine Network in Australia. The 
series was produced by Southern Star and Nine with Noel Price as executive producer. This 
was the first series to be produced by Southern Star, taking over from Kids Like 
Us. It was also the first series to feature Lauren Brant, Casey Burgess, Fely Irvine 
and Tim Maddren, and the first series that did not feature any original cast members. 
The new line-up was known as a "new generation" of Hi-5.Abdulla agha Bakikhanov was a 
Azerbaijani military person, major general of the Imperial Russian Army, brother (by father) of the 
famous Azerbaijani writer and educator Abbasgulu Bakikhanov.Pterolophia baiensis is a species of beetle in the 
family Cerambycidae. It was described by Maurice Pic in 1926.In the event of catastrophic failure, 
the Soyuz spacecraft has a series of automated and semi-automated abort modes (Rus. Система аварийного 
спасения (САС)) (literally - System for Emergency Rescue (SER)) to rescue the crew. The abort 
systems have been refined since the first piloted flights and all abort scenarios for the 
Soyuz MS are expected to be survivable for the crew.A data model is an abstract 
model that organizes elements of data and standardizes how they relate to one another and 
to the properties of real-world entities. For instance, a data model may specify that the 
data element representing a car be composed of a number of other elements which, in 
turn, represent the color and size of the car and define its owner. The term 
data model can refer to two distinct but closely related concepts. Sometimes it refers to 
an abstract formalization of the objects and relationships found in a particular application domain: for 
example the customers, products, and orders found in a manufacturing organization. At other times it 
refers to the set of concepts used in defining such formalizations: for example concepts such 
as entities, attributes, relations, or tables. So the "data model" of a banking application may 
be defined using the entity–relationship "data model". This article uses the term in both senses. 
A data model explicitly determines the structure of data. Data models are typically specified by 
a data specialist, data librarian, or a digital humanities scholar in a data modeling notation. 
These notations are often represented in graphical form.A data model can sometimes be referred to 
as a data structure, especially in the context of programming languages. Data models are often 
complemented by function models, especially in the context of enterprise models. Jack Phillips may refer 
to: Jack Phillips (wireless officer) (1887–1912), senior wireless operator on the RMS Titanic Jack Phillips 
(first baseman) (1921–2009), Major League Baseball first baseman Jack Phillips (pitcher) (1919–1958), Major League Baseball 
pitcher Jack Phillips (footballer, born 1903), Welsh footballer Jack Phillips (footballer, born 1993), English footballer 
Jack Phillips, party in Masterpiece Cakeshop v. Colorado Civil Rights CommissionJosé Carlos de Brito e 
Cunha, known as J. Carlos, (July 18, 1884 — October 2, 1950) was a Brazilian 
cartoonist, illustrator and graphic designer. J. Carlos also did sculpture, wrote vaudeville plays, wrote lyrics 
for samba and was a major talent in Brazilian Art Deco graphic design.The OVO Athletic 
Centre, formerly the BioSteel Centre and the Toronto Raptors Training Centre, is a basketball practice 
facility in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Opened on February 10, 2016, the facility is home to 
the Toronto Raptors of the National Basketball Association (NBA), and owned by the team's owner, 
Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment (MLSE). It is located on leased public land in Exhibition 
Place, near Dufferin Street and the Gardiner Expressway, west of downtown. It is named for 
October's Very Own, the Canadian lifestyle brand founded by Aubrey "Drake" Graham, Oliver El-Khatib, and 
Noah "40" Shebib.Jane Johnson Endsley (1848–1933) was a successful Dallas businesswomen and community leader. A 
former slave, Endsley eventually ran one of the city's largest railroad-yard coal and log businesses.The 
1939 South African Grand Prix was a voiturette race held at the Prince George Circuit 
on 2 January 1939.Banei is a village and gram panchayat in Salarpur block, Budaun district, 
Uttar Pradesh, India. Its village code is 128241. According to 2011 Census of India, the 
total population of the village is 4,286, out of 2,233 are males and 2,053 are 
females.Harora Must. is a village in Puwarka Tehsil of Saharanpur district in Indian state of 
Uttar Pradesh. It is about 583 kilometers from the state capital Lucknow and 193 kilometers 
from the national capital Delhi.Hell's Kitchen, Manhattan is a neighborhood in New York City. Hell's 
Kitchen may also refer to:Luann Ridgeway is an attorney who served in several elected government 
offices . A Republican, she served as a member of the Missouri House of Representatives 
elected in 1992 and serving through 2002 and Missouri Senate elected in 2004 and serving 
through 2012. Ridgeway served as the Eastern District Commissioner of Clay County, Missouri, elected 2012 
through 2020. She announced she would not run for reelection in 2020 and returned to 
private life in 2021.ISO 8601 is an international standard covering the worldwide exchange and communication 
of date and time-related data. It is maintained by the Geneva-based International Organization for Standardization 
(ISO) and was first published in 1988, with updates in 1991, 2000, 2004, and 2019, 
and an amendment in 2022. The standard provides a well-defined, unambiguous method of representing calendar 
dates and times in worldwide communications, especially to avoid misinterpreting numeric dates and times when 
such data is transferred between countries with different conventions for writing numeric dates and times. 
ISO 8601 applies to these representations and formats: dates, in the Gregorian calendar (including the 
proleptic Gregorian calendar); times, based on the 24-hour timekeeping system, with optional UTC offset; time 
intervals; and combinations thereof. The standard does not assign specific meaning to any element of 
the dates/times represented: the meaning of any element depends on the context of its use. 
Dates and times represented cannot use words that do not have a specified numerical meaning 
within the standard (thus excluding names of years in the Chinese calendar), or that do 
not use computer characters (excludes images or sounds).In representations that adhere to the ISO 8601 
interchange standard, dates and times are arranged such that the greatest temporal term (typically a 
year) is placed at the left and each successively lesser term is placed to the 
right of the previous term. Representations must be written in a combination of Arabic numerals 
and the specific computer characters (such as "-", ":", "T", "W", "Z") that are assigned 
specific meanings within the standard; that is, such commonplace descriptors of dates (or parts of 
dates) as "January", "Thursday", or "New Year's Day" are not allowed in interchange representations within 
the standard.Johan Somaroe (Jan) Kolhoe (c. 1918–2003/04) was a member of the Estates of Suriname 
in the 1950s and 1960s. Kolhoe attended the Paulus school and then embarked on a 
career in education. From 1941 to 1950 he was a teacher in Curaçao and after 
that he was a school principal in the district of Nickerie. At the 1955 Surinamese 
general election he was a shadow candidate for the VHP and three years later the 
two seats in the Estates of Suriname for the Nickerie district went to the NOP 
members Poetoe and Kolhoe. At the 1963 elections, he unsuccessfully ran for Action Front in 
the Saramacca district and in 1973 the same happened when he was an NPS candidate 
at that district. Kolhoe would become chief inspector of education after which he retired. In 
1974, Kolhoe was made knight in the Order of Orange Nassau.Kolhoe died in 2003 or 
2004. Bramante Staircase is the name given to two staircases in the Vatican Museums in 
the Vatican City State: the original stair, built in 1505, and a modern equivalent from 
1932.Claire Brookin is an English professional darts player who played in British Darts Organisation (BDO) 
events.Trials and allegations involving Silvio Berlusconi have been extensive and include abuse of office, bribery 
and corruption of police officers, judges and politicians, collusion, defamation, embezzlement, extortion, false accounting, mafia, 
money laundering, perjury, tax fraud, underage prostitution influence and witness tampering.The Electoral Commission (An Coimisiún 
Toghcháin) is an election commission with responsibility for the oversight of all elections in Ireland, 
including electoral operations, constituency reviews and electoral integrity. It was established in 2023. Prior to 
its establishment, some of these functions had been carried out by various government departments, statutory 
agencies and components of the Oireachtas, while other functions are novel to the Commission. A 
proposal on an electoral commission was first considered in a government report commissioned in 2008, 
and was developed by a series of governments since then, before the publication of heads 
of bill in 2021.1913 European Championship may refer to 1913 European Bandy Championships Ice Hockey 
European Championship 1913Byzantium Secundus is a supplement published by Holistic Design in 1996 for the 
science fiction space opera role-playing game Fading Suns.Vítězslav Bílek (born July 31, 1983) is a 
Czech professional ice hockey forward. He played with Rytíři Kladno in the Czech Extraliga during 
the 2010–11 Czech Extraliga season.Étienne Weill-Raynal (1887–1982) was a French historian, resistant, journalist and Socialist 
politician. As a scholar following World War I, he specialized in the subject of reparations. 
When World War II began, he was dismissed from his teaching position and sent to 
the Drancy internment camp because he was Jewish. He escaped from the internment camp, and 
joined the National Council of the French Resistance. After the war, he wrote articles in 
socialist newspapers and served as a member of the National Assembly from 1950 to 1951, 
representing Oise. 
de Kroatische provincie Istrië. De plaats telt 51 inwoners (2001).Eddie Edwards Super Ski (ook wel 
Downhill Challenge) is een videospel voor verschillende platforms. Het spel is vernoemd naar Eddie "The 
Eagle" Edwards en werd uitgebracht in 1988.Kämpfelbach is een plaats in de Duitse deelstaat Baden-Württemberg, 
en maakt deel uit van het Enzkreis. Kämpfelbach telt 6.400 inwoners.Bernard Fellay (Sierre, 12 april 
1958) is een Zwitsers geestelijke en de voormalig Generaal-overste van de Priesterbroederschap Sint Pius X. 
Fellay volgde de priesteropleiding aan het seminarie van de Priesterbroederschap in Ecône. Hij werd op 
29 juni 1977 door de oprichter van de broederschap, aartsbisschop Marcel Lefebvre, priester gewijd en 
elf jaar later bisschop. Hij speelde al in deze periode een leidinggevende rol in de 
broederschap.Finlaya horotoi is een muggensoort uit de familie van de steekmuggen (Culicidae). De wetenschappelijke naam 
van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1972 door Taylor.Frederika Wilhelmina van 
Wulfften Palthe-Broese van Groenou (Djokjakarta, 1 april 1875 – Den Haag, 11 november 1960), ook 
wel bekend onder haar roepnaam Mien, was een Nederlands feminist en pacifist. Ze was betrokken 
bij de Vereeniging voor Vrouwenkiesrecht en de Women's International League for Peace and Freedom. Naar 
aanleiding van het internationale vredescongres van vrouwen te Den Haag, bezocht ze in 1915 met 
goede vriendin Aletta Jacobs de leiders van verschillende oorlogvoerende landen om de vrede te bepleiten.Deze 
hits stonden in 2017 op nummer 1 in de Nederlandse Single Top 100.Station Avenhorn is 
het voormalige spoorwegstation van het dorp Avenhorn in Noord-Holland. In feite staat het in het 
naburige dorp Scharwoude aan de spoorlijn Zaandam - Enkhuizen. Het was geopend voor reizigersvervoer van 
20 mei 1884 tot 1 november 1940. Het stationsgebouw uit 1884 is van het standaardtype 
Hemmen. Het is ontworpen door M.A. van Wadenoijen. Het stationsgebouw en het bijbehorende toiletgebouwtje zijn 
rijksmonumenten. Maripari is een bestuurslaag in het regentschap Garut van de provincie West-Java, Indonesië. Maripari 
telt 5199 inwoners (volkstelling 2010).De Bundesstraße 313 (afkorting: B 313) is een bundesstraße in de 
Duitse deelstaat Baden-Württemberg. De weg begint bij Plochingen en loopt via Wendlingen am Neckar, Nürtingen, 
Metzingen, EReutlingen, Gammertingen, Sigmaringen en Meßkirch naar Stockach. De weg is 100 kilometer lang.Cosmoledo is 
een opgeheven atol van de Seychellen in de Indische Oceaan. Cosmoledo ligt in het zuidwesten 
van de Seychellen, 1045 kilometer verwijderd van Victoria, de hoofdstad van de Seychellen op het 
eiland Mahé. Het atol maakt deel uit van de Aldabra-groep waarvan ook de atol-eilanden Aldabra, 
Astove en Assumption deel uitmaken. Cosmoledo is 14,5 kilometer lang (in oost-west richting) en 11,5 
kilometer breed (in noord-zuid richting). De oppervlakte van het land is 4,6 km² terwijl die 
van het hele atol (de lagune inbegrepen) 153 km² is. Het koraalrif dat de lagune 
begrenst, heeft twee passages naar de zee in het zuidelijke deel. Binnen het atol is 
de zee ongeveer 8 meter diep. Het atol als geheel omvat een twintigtal eilanden en 
eilandjes, waaronder Menai in het westen en Wizard (ook wel Grande Ile geheten) in het 
oosten. Sinds 2018 heeft het atol een eco-camp voor sportvissers en eco-toeristen.Campylaspis exarata is een 
zeekommasoort uit de familie van de Nannastacidae. De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor 
het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1974 door Jones.Deze pagina geeft een overzicht van de wielerploeg 
Quick·Step - Innergetic in 2009.Het voormalig postkantoor en rechtbank van Miami is een historisch courthouse 
in Miami, Florida. Het werd gebouwd in de periode 1912-14 naar een ontwerp van Kiehnel 
and Elliott en Oscar Wenderoth. In 1937 werd het gebouw betrokken door de First Federal 
Savings and Loan Association of Miami. Het werd in 1989 toegevoegd aan het National Register 
of Historic PlacesStomopteryx biangulata is een vlinder uit de familie tastermotten (Gelechiidae). De wetenschappelijke naam 
van deze soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1921 door Meyrick. De soort 
komt voor in tropisch Afrika.Aegimia maculifolia is een rechtvleugelig insect uit de familie sabelsprinkhanen (Tettigoniidae). 
De wetenschappelijke naam van deze soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 2012 door 
Dias, Rafael & Naskrecki.De oorsprong van de abdij van Zwijveke of het klooster der cisterciënzerzusters 
van Dendermonde gaat terug tot het in 1214 opgerichte maar nu verdwenen Sint-Gillishospitaal in Dendermonde. 
In 1223 groeit dit hospitaal uit tot een cisterciënzerinnenabdij op initiatief van Mathilde I, vrouwe 
van Dendermonde.140 (voluit honderdveertig) is het natuurlijke getal volgend op 139 en voorgaand aan 141. 
140 is een harshadgetal.Metophthalmus proximus is een keversoort uit de familie schimmelkevers (Latridiidae). De wetenschappelijke 
naam van de soort werd in 1908 gepubliceerd door Edmund Reitter.Condoleezza Rice (Birmingham (Alabama), 14 
november 1954) is een Amerikaans hoogleraar, diplomaat, nationale veiligheidsdeskundige en auteur. Ze was minister van 
Buitenlandse Zaken van de Verenigde Staten van Amerika in de regering van president George W. 
Bush. Zij was na Madeleine Albright de tweede vrouw en na Colin Powell de tweede 
Afro-Amerikaanse die deze positie bekleedde. Rice was de nationaal veiligheidsadviseur van George W. Bush gedurende 
zijn eerste termijn als president van de Verenigde Staten. Daarvoor was ze hoogleraar in de 
politieke wetenschappen en van 1993 tot 1999 rector magnificus van de Stanford-universiteit. In augustus 2004 
en opnieuw in augustus 2005 bestempelde Forbes Magazine Rice als de meest invloedrijke vrouw ter 
wereld. In 2006 werd ze tweede, na Angela Merkel.De Intertoto Cup was sinds 1967 een 
mogelijkheid voor ploegen om in de zomer te kunnen blijven voetballen. Deze editie van 1977 
werd zoals gebruikelijk gehouden tijdens deze zomerstop. Er werden alleen groepswedstrijden georganiseerd, omdat het onhaalbaar 
bleek om nog knock-outronden te spelen na de zomerstop. Clubs hadden daarvoor een te druk 
programma en de UEFA had bepaald dat ploegen die al aan UEFA-toernooien zoals de twee 
edities van de Europa Cup meededen, niet mochten deelnemen aan andere toernooien. Aan deze editie 
van het toernooi deden 40 ploegen mee, vier minder dan vorig jaar. Er waren tien 
groepen van vier teams. Elk team speelde zes wedstrijden. Er deden zes ploegen mee uit 
Oostenrijk; vijf uit Tsjecho-Slowakije; vier uit Denemarken, Polen, West-Duitsland, Zweden en Zwitserland; twee uit Israël, 
de SFR Joegoslavië en Nederland en één uit België, Bulgarije en Noorwegen. Slavia Praag uit 
Tsjecho-Slowakije (groep 5) haalde dit toernooi de hoogste score: tien punten en een doelsaldo van 
+15.De Kroatische voetbalclub NK Slaven Belupo Koprivnica speelt sinds 2000 wedstrijden in Europese competities. Hieronder 
volgt een overzicht van de gespeelde wedstrijden per seizoen. Uitslagen vanuit gezichtspunt NK Slaven BelupoMastigoteuthis 
magna is een soort in de taxonomische indeling van de inktvissen, een klasse dieren die 
tot de stam der weekdieren (Mollusca) behoort. De inktvis komt enkel in zout water voor 
en is in staat om van kleur te veranderen. Hij beweegt zich voort door water 
in zijn mantel te pompen en het er via de sifon weer krachtig uit te 
persen. De inktvis is een carnivoor en zijn voedsel bestaat voornamelijk uit vis, krabben, kreeften 
en weekdieren die ze met de zuignappen op hun grijparmen vangen. De inktvis komt uit 
het geslacht Mastigoteuthis en behoort tot de familie Mastigoteuthidae. Mastigoteuthis magna werd in 1913 beschreven 
door Joubin.Meloe affinis is een keversoort uit de familie van oliekevers (Meloidae). De wetenschappelijke naam 
van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1847 door Lucas.Elliptio complanata is 
een tweekleppigensoort uit de familie van de Unionidae. De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is 
voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1786 door Lightfoot.Nevada is een plaats (city) in de 
Amerikaanse staat Texas, en valt bestuurlijk gezien onder Collin County.De 34ste wereldkampioenschappen schermen werden gehouden 
in Barcelona, Spanje in 1985. De organisatie lag in de handen van de FIE.Cleora fasciata 
is een vlinder uit de familie van de spanners (Geometridae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de 
soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1953 door Fletcher.Alcyonium foliatum is een zachte 
koraalsoort uit de familie Alcyoniidae. De koraalsoort komt uit het geslacht Alcyonium. Alcyonium foliatum werd 
in 1921 voor het eerst wetenschappelijk beschreven door J. S. Thomson.Brontispa minor is een keversoort 
uit de familie bladkevers (Chrysomelidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort werd in 1957 gepubliceerd 
door Gressitt.Diviana nymphaeella is een vlinder uit de familie van de snuitmotten (Pyralidae). De wetenschappelijke 
naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1892 door Hulst.Jan van 
Velzen kan verwijzen naar: Jan van Velzen (beeldhouwer) (1931), een Nederlands beeldhouwer uit Onderdijk Jan 
van Velzen (wielrenner) (1975), een Nederlands wielrenner uit LeidschendamThis Is Your Life is een single 
van het Britse popduo Banderas. De single is uitgebracht in 1991 en is afkomstig van 
hun enige studioalbum Ripe. Het nummer werd mede geschreven door songwriter Roger Swallow en bevat 
een sample van het nummer "Crack Attack" van Grace Jones. De single bereikte de 16e 
positie in de UK Singles Chart in maart 1991. In Nederland haalde het nummer de 
23e plek in de Dutch Charts.De B-kant van de single bevat het nummer "It's Written 
All Over My Face". Na "This Is Your Life" volgden nog twee singles, maar daarna 
hield de band al snel op te bestaan.Desert View Watchtower is een 21 m hoge 
stenen toren gelegen aan de East Rim Drive bij de South Rim van de Grand 
Canyon ten oosten van Grand Canyon Village in Grand Canyon National Park in Arizona in 
de Verenigde Staten. De toren is voltooid in 1932 en werd ontworpen door de Amerikaanse 
architect Mary Colter, een werknemer van de Fred Harvey Vennootschap. Het interieur bevat muurschilderingen van 
Fred Kabotie. De onderste verdieping van de toren bevat een winkel, terwijl de bovenste verdieping 
een observatie dek is waar bezoekers van het nationaal park de oostelijke delen van de 
Grand Canyon kunnen zien. Desert View Wachttoren werd op 28 mei 1987 een United States 
National Historic Landmark.Condylocardia limaeformis is een tweekleppigensoort uit de familie van de Condylocardiidae. De wetenschappelijke 
naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1930 door Cotton.Tomaspis walkeri 
is een halfvleugelig insect uit de familie schuimcicaden (Cercopidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van deze soort 
is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1912 door Lallemand.Getachew Yohanes Atsbha (26 juni 1996) 
is een Ethiopisch wielrenner die in 2017 reed voor Dimension Data for Qhubeka.Het Algemeen Nederlandsch 
Fotobureau (afgekort als Anefo) was tussen 1944 en 1989 een toonaangevend Nederlands fotopersbureau. Anefo kwam 
voort uit het Bureau Militair Gezag (BMG) ten tijde van de Tweede Wereldoorlog. Het als 
overheidsinstantie begonnen fotobureau werd kort na de bevrijding geprivatiseerd en bleef tot 1989 bestaan. De 
foto's zijn via de Rijksvoorlichtingsdienst in beheer overgedragen aan het Nationaal Archief. Meer dan 350.000 
foto's van Anefo zijn digitaal beschikbaar gesteld.Beitar Tel Aviv was een Israëlische voetbalclub uit Tel 
Aviv die bestond van 1934 tot 2000. De club was medestichter van de Israëlische competitie 
in 1949. Tot 1961 speelde de club onafgebroken in de hoogste klasse en verbleef dan 
enkele seizoenen in de 2e klasse. Na terugkeer in 1964 werd de club een echte 
liftploeg met van tijd tot tijd één seizoen in de 2e klasse middenmoot plaatsen maar 
ook af en toe uitschieters. Eind jaren 80 leek het tij te keren voor de 
club toen enkele hoge plaatsen achter elkaar bereikt werden, maar na de 5e plaats in 
1992 volgde een degradatie. Beitar kon onmiddellijk terug promoveren en kon dan nog 2 seizoenen 
in de hoogste klasse spelen, het zou de laatste keer zijn dat Beitar in de 
hoogste klasse speelde. Nadat de club wegzakte naar de 3e klasse werd beslist om te 
fuseren met Sjimsjon Tel Aviv en werd zo Beitar-Sjimsjon Tel Aviv.Semih Erden (Istanboel, 28 juli 
1986) is een Turks basketballer. Hij verruilde in 2014 Efes Pilsen SK voor Fenerbahçe Ülker 
Erden begon zijn professionele carrière in 2003 bij de Turkse club Darüşşafaka SK. Een seizoen 
later vertrok hij naar Servië om te basketballen bij KK Partizan. Hij hield het daar 
één seizoen vol en in 2005 keerde hij terug naar Turkije om te basketballen bij 
Fenerbahçe SK. De center deed en doet het daar zo goed, dat hij werd geselecteerd 
voor het Turkse nationale basketbalteam.NGC 3250C is een spiraalvormig sterrenstelsel in het sterrenbeeld Luchtpomp. Het 
hemelobject werd op 1 februari 1835 ontdekt door de Engelse astronoom John Herschel.Peratomyia vittata is 
een vliegensoort uit de familie van de drekvliegen (Scathophagidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort 
is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1898 door Coquillett.Distichodus schenga is een straalvinnige vissensoort 
uit de familie van de hoogrugzalmen (Distichodontidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor 
het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1852 door Peters.Kota Pari is een bestuurslaag in het regentschap 
Serdang Bedagai van de provincie Noord-Sumatra, Indonesië. Kota Pari telt 6062 inwoners (volkstelling 2010).Nevşehir is 
een provincie in Turkije. De provincie is 5467 km² groot en heeft 280.058 inwoners (2007). 
De hoofdstad is het gelijknamige Nevşehir.Parabopyrella angulosa is een pissebed uit de familie Bopyridae. De 
wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1980 door Bourdon.Sechepenre 
(Oudegyptisch: s ḫpr r n r՚) was een oud-Egyptische koning (farao) in de tweede tussenperiode. 
Hij geldt als zeventiende heerser van de 14e dynastie en regeerde in de 17e eeuw 
v.Chr. Sechepenre was de opvolger van Nebsenre en werd opgevolgd door Djedcheroere.Deze lijst van Zoetermeerders 
betreft bekende personen geboren of overleden in de Nederlandse stad Zoetermeer met een eigen artikel 
op Wikipedia.Het begijnhof van Diest is een historische stadswijk waar vroeger de begijnen woonden. Het 
is gelegen in het noordoosten van de oude binnenstad van Diest, achter een monumentale poort 
aan het eind van de Begijnenstraat. Dit begijnhof rekent men tot het stadstype, hetgeen betekent 
dat de huizen langsheen straten staan (zoals in een 'ministad') en niet rondom een groot 
centraal plein. Mute is een Brits-Duitse neo noir-sciencefictionfilm uit 2018, geregisseerd door Duncan Jones.Elaine Breeden 
(Lexington (Kentucky), 18 november 1988) is een Amerikaanse voormalige zwemster. Ze vertegenwoordigde haar vaderland op 
de Olympische Zomerspelen 2008 in Peking.Dit is een lijst van betaaldvoetbalclubs in Brazilië. In Brazilië 
spelen circa 700 clubs betaald voetbal. Zo’n 500 daarvan spelen in de competitie van hun 
deelstaat; er zijn 26 deelstaten. Er zijn drie nationale competities, waarin 22 ploegen spelen per 
divisie, plus een nationaal bekertoernooi.Huehuetenango is een departement van het gelijknamige land Guatemala, gelegen in 
het westen van het land aan de grens met Mexico. De hoofdstad van het departement 
is gelijknamige stad Huehuetenango. Het departement bestrijkt een oppervlakte van 7400 km² en heeft 1.170.669 
inwoners (2018). Daarmee is Huehuetenango na Guatemala en Alta Verapaz het meest volkrijke departement van 
het land.Liamegalonychus niger is een keversoort uit de familie van de loopkevers (Carabidae). De wetenschappelijke 
naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1950 door Basilewsky.Supremo Tribunal 
de Justiça kan verwijzen naar: Supremo Tribunal Federal, in Brazilië Supremo Tribunal de Justiça (Kaapverdië), 
in Kaapverdië. Supremo Tribunal de Justiça de Portugal, in Portugal. Supremo Tribunal de Justiça (Sao 
Tomé en Principe), in Sao Tomé en Principe.Callimormus beda is een vlinder uit de familie 
van de dikkopjes (Hesperiidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig 
gepubliceerd in 1886 door Carl Plötz. Deze naam wordt wel beschouwd als een synoniem van 
Callimormus rivera (Plötz, 1882).Pia Burrick (3 april 1959) is een Belgisch glaskunstenaar van hedendaagse glaskunst.Een 
waarnemend burgemeester, in België ook wel dienstdoend burgemeester genoemd, is een tijdelijk aangestelde vervanger van 
de burgemeester als deze langere tijd niet in functie is in een gemeente.Sena augustasi is 
een vlinder uit de familie spinners (Lasiocampidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van deze soort is voor 
het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 2009 door Zolotuhin, Saldaitis & Ivinskis. De soort komt voor 
in tropisch Afrika.Globarcturus angelikae is een pissebed uit de familie Antarcturidae. De wetenschappelijke naam van 
de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1994 door Kussakin & Vasina.Theotima moxicensis 
is een spinnensoort uit de familie Ochyroceratidae. De soort komt voor in Angola.Dit artikel geeft 
een chronologisch overzicht van de belangrijkste gebeurtenissen per dag in de maand mei van het 
jaar 2021.Happiness Ahead is een Amerikaanse filmkomedie uit 1934 onder regie van Mervyn LeRoy. De 
film werd destijds in Nederland uitgebracht onder de titel De vlucht naar het geluk.Brezna (Servisch 
cyrillisch Брезна) is een plaats in de Servische gemeente Kraljevo. De plaats telt 104 inwoners 
(2002).I can hear it (Nederlands: Ik kan het horen) is een kunstwerk in de Belgische 
badplaats Westende. Het is een werk van de Letse kunstenaar Ivars Drulle uit 2012. Twee 
hoorns, als van oude grammofoons, luisteren naar de zee. Een vrouw legt haar oor te 
luisteren aan een ervan terwijl ze plaats laat voor iemand die via de andere hoorn 
naar de zee mee wil luisteren. De uitvoering van het kunstwerk leunt aan bij de 
art-nouveaustijl van het vlakbijgelegen Grand Hôtel Bellevue en de tijd toen de kust nog een 
prestigieuze recreatiezone was. Het werk kan ook verwijzen naar de jaren dertig van de 20e 
eeuw, toen men, vóór de uitvinding van de radartechnologie via grote hoorns het geluid van 
naderende vliegtuigen probeerde op te vangen.De productie van de dertien meter lange metalen hoorns was 
in handen van machinebouwbedrijf SMO in Eeklo.De gemeente Middelkerke kocht het aan in het kader 
van het Beaufort04, de vierde aflevering van de triënnale Beaufort - kunst langs de Belgische 
kust. De Peperbus is de kerktoren van de Sint-Gertrudiskerk in Bergen op Zoom. 
